Constrain first offset of a segment (#1397)
0xPolygonZero/plonky2: evm/spec/tables/memory.tex

  \item $e_i (e_i - 1) = 0$,
  \item $(1 - e_i) (a_{i + 1} - a_i) = 0$,
  \item $c_i < 2^{32}$.

>   \item $e_i (v_{i + 1}) < 2^{32}$

Reviewer: `v` is the value being read or written. I think you should replace `v` by `a` (the address) or something like `a_{virtual}`.

\end{enumerate}
The third constraint emulates a comparison between two addresses or timestamps by bounding their difference; this assumes that all addresses and timestamps fit in 32 bits and that the field is larger than that.

> The fourth constraint checks that the first value of a new address is indeed the smallest in history. Without this check, addresses could start at -1 (i.e. $p - 2$) and then increase properly.

Reviewer: It sounds a bit like you are talking about the actual value, and the address itself here.
```suggestion
The fourth constraint checks that the virtual address of a new address is indeed the smallest in history. Without this check, addresses could start at -1 (i.e. $p - 2$) and then increase properly.
```

\end{enumerate}
The comparisons now involve several columns, which requires some minor adaptations to the technique described above; we will leave these as an exercise to the reader.

> Note that an additional constarint check is required: whenever we change the context or the segment, the virtual address must be range-checked to $2^{32}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that an additional constraint check is required: whenever we change the context or the segment, the virtual address must be range-checked to $2^{32}$.
```
